

[[ Press escape button to go back ]]


**CONTROLS OF THE GAME

Use row-column coordinate inputs to move the pieces (like: from: 3b , to: 4c).

For capturing enemy piece we need to give two space diagonal movement coordinates
(like : from: 3b, to: 5d). Here enemy piece is at 4c

Each player gets 30 seconds time to make his move.

Use escape button to accesss in game menu.

The game saves automatically after each turns but you can save the game from in game menu as well.

From the menu you can save-load the game and also see the leaderboard.



**CHECKERS

Checkers is a strategy board game on a standard 8x8 square board for two players
which involve diagonal moves of uniform game pieces(checkers) and mandatory captures by jumping over opponent pieces.

The objective of this game is to capture all of your opponent’s checkers
or position your pieces so that your opponent has no available moves.

Only the 32 green colored squares are used in play.

Each player begins the game with 12 pieces,
or checkers, placed in the three rows closest to him.



**RULE OF THE GAME

Movement: Basic movement is to move a checker one space diagonally forward. 
We can not move a checker backwards until it becomes a King, (described in crowning). 
If a jump is available, we must take the jump.

Jumping:  If one of our opponents checkers is on a forward diagonal next to one of our checkers,
and the next space beyond the opponents checker is empty, then our checker must jump the opponents checker and land in the space beyond.
Our opponents checker is captured and removed from the board.
After making one jump, our checker might have another jump available from its new position.
Our checker must take that jump too. It must continue to jump until there are no more jumps available.
Both men and kings are allowed to make multiple jumps.
If, at the start of a turn, more than one of our checkers has a jump available, then we may decide which one we will move.
But once we have chosen one, it must take all the jumps that it can.

Crowning: When one of our checkers reaches the opposite side of the board, it is crowned and becomes a King. Our turn ends there.
A King can move backward as well as forward along the diagonals. It can only move a distance of one space.
A King can also jump backward and forward. It must jump when possible, and it must take all jumps that are available to it.
In each jump, the King can only jump over one opposing piece at a time, and it must land in the space just beyond the captured piece.
King can not move multiple spaces before or after jumping a piece.

[[ Press escape button to go back ]]